update create new extension guide : add update of test-categories.yaml (#1544)
apache/camel-quarkus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/contributor-guide/create-new-extension.adoc

* It creates a basic `FooAbcProcessor` class in the deployment module.
* It also creates a stub of an integration test module under `integration-tests/foo-abc`.
+

> 6. Add the extension name in the rigth category in  `tooling/scripts/test-categories.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Add the extension name to the right category in  `tooling/scripts/test-categories.yaml` file.
```

Author: @jamesnetherton thanks. I made the changes
